Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind – Dr. Seuss
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. – Grandma Moses
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. – John Maxwell
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. – Mark Twain
Just know, when you truly want success, you’ll never give up on it. No matter how bad the situation may get. – Unknown
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Whoever loves much, performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well. – Vincent Van Gogh
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.  Live the life you have imagined. – Henry David Thoreau
If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten. – Tony Robbins
Live everyday like it’s your last day on earth – Unknown
You can’t use up creativity.  The more you use, the more you have. – Maya Angelou
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else. – Les Brown
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others.  Unsuccessful people are always asking, What’s in it for me? – Brian Tracy
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. – Chinese Proverb
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart – Helen Keller Read
I don’t regret the things I’ve done, I regret the things I didn’t do when I had the chance. – Unknown
Start where you are. Use what you have.  Do what you can. – Arthur Ashe
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. – W. Clement Stone
Believe you can and you're halfway there - Theodore Roosevelt
Don’t wait. The time will never be just right. – Napoleon Hill
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. – Confucius
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. – Joshua J. Marine
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'  - Audrey Hepburn Read
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. – Anne Frank
Eighty percent of success is showing up. – Woody Allen
Happiness is not something readymade.  It comes from your own actions. – Dalai Lama
Its hard to wait around for something you know might never happen; but its harder to give up when you know its everything you want. – Unknown
It is never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible. – Arthur C. Clarke
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. –Christopher Columbus
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, or worn. It is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace & gratitude. - Denis Waitley
That which doesn’t kill us makes us stronger. - Friedrich Nietzsche
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. – Ayn Rand
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. – Maya Angelou
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. – Joshua J. Marine
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. – Bill Cosby
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. - Jimmy Dean
Go where you are celebrated – not tolerated. If they can’t see the real value of you, it’s time for a new start. – Unknown
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. – Walt Disney
Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right. - Henry Ford
Don’t be afraid to stand for what you believe in, even if that means standing alone.. – Unknown
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself – George Bernard Shaw
Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. - Roy Goodman
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. – Leonardo da Vinci
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant - Robert Louis Stevenson
Forget all the reasons it won’t work and believe the one reason that it will. – Unknown
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back - Arthur Rubinstein
Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes.  You are free. – Jim Morrison
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step – Lao Tzu
Positive thinking sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and can achieve the impossible. – Unknown
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive and go do it. Because what the world needs is more people who have come alive – Howard Thurman
I am thankful for all of those who said NO to me. Its because of them I’m doing it myself. – Albert Einstein
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better – Ralph Waldo Emerson
You become what you believe. – Oprah Winfrey
We don’t meet people by accident, they are meant to cross our path for a reason – Unknown
Too many people spend money they haven’t earned, to buy things they don’t want, to impress people they don’t like – Will Rogers
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional – Unknown
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. – Vincent van Gogh
Life is short, live it. Love is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet, cherish it. – Unknown
There are two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle - Albert Einstein
In the end, it’s not going to matter how many breaths you took, but how many moments took your breath away - Shing Xiong
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible. – Frank Zappa
Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have. – Unknown
Be helpful. When you see a person without a smile, give them yours – Zig Ziglar
henry david thoreau quote Do or Do Not. There is no Try
When you say It’s hard
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. – Confucius
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us – Alexander Graham Bell
You cannot solve a problem with the same mind that created it - Albert Einstein
It’s your place in the world; it’s your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live. – Mae Jemison
We must let go of the life we had planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us - Joseph Campbell
Life is like photography. You need the negatives to develop. – Unknown
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try. – Beverly Sills
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face - Eleanor Roosevelt
It’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years. – Abraham Lincoln
Don’t worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don’t even try. – Jack Canfield
Change is inevitable. Progress is optional – Tony Robbins
The pain you feel today is the strength you feel tomorrow. For every challenge encountered there is opportunity for growth. – Unknown
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there – Will Rogers 
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. – Farrah Gray
The best way to predict the future is to create it. – Unknown
The only thing that stands between you and your dream is the will to try and the belief that it is actually possible. – Joel Brown
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you – Unknown
Self confidence is the most attractive quality a person can have. how can anyone see how awesome you are if you can’t see it yourself? – Unknown
God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference – Reinhold Niebuhr
Being happy doesn’t mean that everything is perfect. it means that you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections. – Unknown
Change your thoughts and you change your world. – Norman Vincent Peale
If you can dream it, you can achieve it. –Zig Ziglar
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. – Gloria Steinem
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. – Napoleon Hill
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending. – Carl Bard
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. – Steve Jobs
Do what makes YOU happy. – Malcolm Matthews
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. – Albert Einstein
Love what you have. Need what you want. Accept what you receive. Give what you can. Always remember, what goes around, comes around… – Unknown
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.  – Robert Frost
Life has two rules: #1 Never quit #2 Always remember rule. – Unknown
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. – Steve Jobs
Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans. – John Lennon
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing.  That’s why we recommend it daily. – Zig Ziglar
Arise, awake,  and stop not till the goal is reached. - Swami Vivekananda
When you start a new task, most of the people laugh at you, then they give a challenge to you, when you got success then they wish, they were you. Go ahead!
On any new startup, your competitors laugh at you, then they challenge you, one day they watch you succeed. So, never give up. Go ahead!
Life is a piano, the white key is for the happy moment and black color is are the sad moment, but remember both keys are played together to give sweet music called rhythm of life.
If you are not prepared to be wrong, then you'll never come up with anything.
Hope is one of the greatest gifts to all of us because it's that magic which inspires us to keep trying learning loving and living...
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
You may never know what results come of your actions. But, if you do nothing. There will be no results.
Life is 10 percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.
You are born without anything but you die with your name. So, the name must not be a word only, it must be a history.
Forget who hurt you yesterday, but don't forget those who love you every day. Forget the past that makes you cry and focus on the present that makes you smile.
If self-done is well done, then believe in your abilities rather than others.
Everything that is excellent will come when this sleeping soul is roused to self-conscious activity.
Anything is possible when you stop believing it is impossible. Life doesn't provide warranties and guarantees, it provides possibilities and opportunities for those who dare to make the best use of it!
Confused. Searching for the right way. Use your heart as a GPS system and trust on the journey and never give up...
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure. - Napoleon Hill
Success has not come automatically; we have to try hard for it. Success is always for the person who looking for not waiting for it.
Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.
Sometimes you have to stand alone to prove that you can still stand.
When you wake up in the morning. You have two choices - go back is sleep and dream your dreams, or wake up and close those dreams!
Sometimes some problems can only be solved if you are willing to shut your mouth and learn now to open your ears, heart, and head.
Future is not something you wait; it is something you must create. Plan your future in advance because that's where you will spend the rest of your life!
Each and every sunset reduce one day of our life. And each sunrise increase one day of our life. So, be prepare and do work for best.
You did not wake up today to be mediocre.
Failure is not our only punishment for laziness, there is also the success of others.
There is no future in any job, the future lies in the man who holds the job.
In the middle of a difficulty lies opportunity.
Success always comes to the one who is confident to achieve it, but not to the one who is just waiting or dreaming for it...
I will always choose a lazy person to do a difficult job. Because he will find an easy way to do it.
Success is like our own shadow doesn't try to catch it walk your own way and it follows you...
God upsets our plan only to set up his own plan; because we see our present and plan our future; but he sees our future and plans our present!
Great dreams of great dreams are always transcended.
I've learned that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it.
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.
Mistakes are a proof that you are trying.
For everything you have missed, you have gained something else; and for everything you gain, you lose something else. It is about yours towards life. You can either regret or rejoice.
An entire sea of water can't sink a ship unless it gets inside the ship. Similarly, the negativity of the world can't put you down unless you allow it to get inside you.
God knows who belong and who doesn't belong in your life. Learn to trust and let go. Whoever is meant to be there, will still be there.
Today will never come again. Be a friend. Encourage someone. Take time to care. Let your words heal, and not wound.
Believing in yourself is the first secret to success.
Whenever anyone has offended me, I try to raise my soul so high that the offense cannot reach it.
Persistence is the twin sister of excellence one is a matter of quality. The other a matter of time.
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instil a love of learning. - Brad Henry
Motivation is what gets you started habit is what keeps you going.
Sometimes you have to shut up, swallow your pride and accept that you're wrong. It's not giving up. It's called growing up.
Dear past, thank you for all of the life lessons. Dear future I'm ready now.
When you talk, you are only repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new.
Our hopes and dreams should be like hair and nails. No matter how many times they get cut but they never stop growing.
A beautiful thought:No one can go back and change a bad beginning! but anyone can start anything anytime & create a successful ending!
You are a lot better than you probably think you are.-William Walter
This too, shall pass.
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.—Theodore Roosevelt
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.—Harvey Fierstein
Faith is the art of holding on to things your reason has once accepted, in spite of your changing moods.–C.S. Lewis
A man who flies from his fear may find that he has only taken a shortcut to meet it.—Sador, Children of Húrin
Life's too mysterious to take too serious.